Hence, against some unruly ritualist.
Instead, talk about,
direct primary disadvantaged communities…
I want to work with the Tadakos, the armed forces and the people of Japan.
I want to be a part of the Tadakos.
I want to work towards the goal of the war.
I want to make this opportunity a reality.
It is the family who works in the battlefield.
I want to see the people who work in the field,
the army, the children, the parents, the siblings,
the kind hearts of the families,
and the Japanese people who have lost their jobs.
They are the hidden power that separates the people who work in the battlefield.
The Tadakos have won the war.
They have won the war.
The power that comes from the families is really great.
I hope that the families will look back at this point deeply,
and that they will give their hearts to the people who work in the battlefield.
I want to offer you the truth.
This is a wish that will be granted to your country.
I have the opportunity to meet you today.
I am a person who has expressed my feelings and expectations for you.
I hope that you will continue to work hard and continue to support me.
Thank you.